[DOCS] reorganizes content under the 1.0 Set up a GX environment topic (#9930)
great-expectations/great_expectations: docs/docusaurus/docs/core/set_up_a_gx_environment/_install_gx/_databricks_installation.md

import InProgress from '../../_core_components/_in_progress.md';

> Databricks is a web-based platform automating Spark cluster management and working with them through Python notebooks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Databricks is a web-based platform that automates Spark cluster management.
```
